Extend readme with some more info (#5)
bmwcarit/ramses-sample-app: README.md

the vehicle resource is built using the [Ramses Composer](https://github.com/bmwcarit/ramses-composer) GUI
v0.13.1. You can find a modifiable project with the car [on Github](https://github.com/bmwcarit/digital-car-3d).

> If you want to build the app and experimenting with the code you need a Github personal access token (PAT).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to build the app and experiment with the code you need a Github personal access token (PAT).
```

The PAT is needed to fetch the Ramses Maven packages from the Github Packages registry.
For further information how to create a Github PAT, take a look at the [githubs guide](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token).

> To fetch packages, you need the 'read:packages' permission only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fetch packages, the token needs the 'read:packages' permission only.
```
